# project_bike_sharing
This project predict bike rental ridership using neural network, mainly it's a regression problem. After loading dataset, data need to make into binary dummy variable.Season, weatersit, mnth,hr weekday  got dummy values and the along with this some other data were drop which were not necessary for prediction. Then for data preprocessing scalling, splitting data into training, testing, validation was done. Now it's time to build a neural network. There was two layers, hidden layer and output layer where forward pass and backpropagation will take place. I have to implement this into another file called "my_answer.py" where class was created called "NeuralNetwork". In "__init__" method, had to write  activation function sigmoid. Now in forward_pass_train, hidden_input was calculated with dot product of input X, weights of input to hidden and transpose the weight. Then hidden output was calculated by applying activation funtion on hidden_input. thats how final_input and final_output was calculated. after complting forward pass, in backpropagation Error term, hidden term was calculating. finally in backpropagation delta weights of hidden to output and delta weights of input to hidden was calculated. and then update rule was applied into update_weights fuction.
Back to the main script, unittest was set to check if the calculation was correct. And at the end validation loss 0.163 was measured wich was closed to training loss 0.08 . And now test data will be ploted to view if the network is working correctly. Plot was showing correct implementation of applied neural network, prediction was very close to the test_target data.
 
